You don't want to miss out on this story.
A passenger is dead.
A fucking bomb.
Okay. You didn't hear it from me.
One after the other. please.
I repeat...
Please move down
into one of the rear carriages.
Thank you.
Why aren't they letting
paramedics down there?
We need to deal with the fire first.
- Mr. Diehl.
- Yes?
Okay. good.
I want a direct line
to all tactical units.
Of course.
And I want confirmation that
the whole network has been evacuated.
They haven't got the fire under control.
We can't go down there.
And the robot?
Thank you.
Excuse me...
I must interrupt you
to bring some breaking news.
With the police refusing to
comment officially...
...we are now hearing reports
from an anonymous source:
...there has been a fatality following
an explosion at Alexanderplatz.
Great. so now we have a leak.
Get your shit together.
Ah. the mandarin.
Is everything okay up there?
All good. thanks.
You heard an explosion?
I don't know.
I just couldn't hear anymore.
We were already halfway out of
the station when they said it detonated.
It's all a bit of a blur.
Well let's try to get some clarity...
They're sending the robot in right now.
Good. although it won't
help us find John Bailey-Brown.
And we don't have long...
- We have a visitor.
- Copy.
Look at this.
Could be something?
How?
So where's the smoke coming from?
Fire brigade
are saying it started in the bin.
Okay.
And he shut off the cameras?
No bomb?
Looks like it. We will know more soon.
What's the latest?
We have units in position
at the next station.
Excuse me.
Where are the trains parked at night?
Lost Property is Rudolfstrasse.
I'm looking for a bomb.
And you're sure
it was parked here last night?
Yes.
Is that snow?
Otto. what's going on?
Otto. can you hear me?
Why aren't you answering?
Is someone there?
- Hello?
If you need help
and you're unable to talk...
just press the green button.
Stay close. Tight formation.
They're in position.
Get me Wolf. Faber may be
down there. but this is my operation.
On the platform...
What is that?
We have a visual.
Somebody on the platform.
What do you mean? Who is it?
Move up. Cover me.
Wolf. do you copy? Who is it?
It's the passenger.
The one with the briefcase.
What? He's alive?!
Negative.
Listen up!
We've got to let the train go through.